How dare you fight Manman
Do you know who I am now?
Don't see what you are
Who is he and what does it have to do with me?
He is also a big shot like Shen Tinglan
How could it have anything to do with a scumbag like you?
Shen Tianlan Xu Xi
I know you're jealous of me
But you got my shoes dirty.
You have to wipe it clean
After all.
You can't afford it now
I really can't afford it.
After all, there is only one pair of limited editions in the world.
Or a foreign designer?
I came back in person and gave it to the buyer.
How do you know?
Because the owner of these shoes is me.
It's just that in order to pay off the debt
I've put him on a secondhand website.
I didn't expect to be abducted by you.
I didn't expect the big star Song Man
I'm actually wearing second-hand shoes
This is too embarrassing, haha.
Xu Xi, back then, you had Xu's Group as a lawyer
But now they're all dead.
You're not even a waiter
What can you compare to me?
From before to now
I, Xu Xi, never wanted to argue with you
Because you don't deserve you
Who gave you the courage?
Touch my people